1. Write an SQL query to fetch “FIRST_NAME” from Worker table
using the alias name as <WORKER_NAME>.
2. Write an SQL query to fetch “FIRST_NAME” from Worker table in
upper case.
3. Write an SQL query to fetch unique values of DEPARTMENT from
Worker table.
4. Write an SQL query to print the first three characters
of FIRST_NAME from Worker table.
5. Write an SQL query to find the position of the alphabet (‘a’) in the
first name column ‘Amitabh’ from Worker table.
6. Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME , departmentname
from Worker table separated by white space.
7. Write an SQL query to print the DEPARTMENT from Worker table
after removing white spaces from the left side.
8. Write an SQL query that fetches the unique values of DEPARTMENT
from Worker table and prints its length.
9. Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME from Worker table
after replacing ‘a’ with ‘A’.
10. Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME and LAST_NAME
from Worker table into a single column COMPLETE_NAME. A space
char should separate them.
11. Write an SQL query to print all Worker details from the Worker
table order by FIRST_NAME Ascending.
12. Write an SQL query to print all Worker details from the Worker
table order by FIRST_NAME Ascending and DEPARTMENT
Descending.
13. Write an SQL query to print details for Workers with the first
name as “Vipul” and “Satish” from Worker table.
14. Write an SQL query to print details of workers excluding first
names, “Vipul” and “Satish” from Worker table.
15. Write an SQL query to print details of Workers with
DEPARTMENT name as “Admin”.
16. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose
FIRST_NAME contains ‘a’.
17. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose
FIRST_NAME ends with ‘a’.
18. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose
FIRST_NAME ends with ‘h’ and contains six alphabets.
19. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers whose
SALARY lies between 100000 and 500000.
20. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers who have
joined in Feb’2014.
21. Write an SQL query to fetch the count of employees working in
the department ‘Admin’.
22. Write an SQL query to fetch worker names with salaries >= 50000
and <= 100000.
23. Write an SQL query to fetch the no. of workers for each
department in the descending order.
24. Write an SQL query to print details of the Workers who are also
Managers.
25. Write an SQL query to fetch duplicate records having matching
data in some fields of a table.
26. Write an SQL query to show only odd rows from a table.
27. Write an SQL query to show only even rows from a table.
28. Write an SQL query to clone a new table from another table.
29. Write an SQL query to fetch intersecting records of two tables.
30. Write an SQL query to show records from one table that another
table does not have.
31. Write an SQL query to show the current date and time.
32. Write an SQL query to show the top n (say 10) records of a table.
33. Write an SQL query to determine the nth (say n=5) highest salary
from a table.
34. Write an SQL query to determine the 5th highest salary without
using TOP or limit method.
35. Write an SQL query to fetch the list of employees with the same
salary.
36. Write an SQL query to show the second highest salary from a
table.
37. Write an SQL query to show one row twice in results from a table.
38. Write an SQL query to fetch intersecting records of two tables.
39. Write an SQL query to fetch the first 50% records from a table.
40. Write an SQL query to fetch the departments that have less than
five people in it.
41. Write an SQL query to show all departments along with the
number of people in there.
42. Write an SQL query to show the last record from a table.
43. Write an SQL query to fetch the first row of a table.
44. Write an SQL query to fetch the last five records from a table.
45. Write an SQL query to print the name of employees having the
highest salary in each department.
46. Write an SQL query to fetch three max salaries from a table.
47. Write an SQL query to fetch three min salaries from a table.
48. Write an SQL query to fetch nth max salaries from a table.
49. Write an SQL query to fetch departments along with the total
salaries paid for each of them.
50. Write an SQL query to fetch the names of workers who earn the
highest salary.